# ai_project

In our approach for playing the game RoPaSci360, wehave designed our AI agent in a way to play the game optimally on a learning basis using Evaluated Heuristic Minimax with alpha-beta Pruning (name chosen by us). The agent will evaluate the state of the game before each movement and make the move based one valuation metrics and winning chance prediction.In our terminology, this implies deterministic,absolutely observable environments during which 2 agents act alternately and in which the evaluation value is calculated at each state with discrete number of actions. It's this opposition between the agents’ evaluations that produces an adversarial game.
The search algorithm is based on minimax functionand then extended toalpha-beta pruning andevaluation checkpoint(cut-off test that asksfor eval() value inside minimax()). The reason for using this algorithm is that minimax will decrease the chance of losing and the chance of tie to almost zero.Minimaxwillmaximizethe chance ofwinning for our player and minimise the chance for the opponent player. Although, minimax is not capable of playing great and large size games itself, we could possibly make it optimal and stable by adding alpha-beta pruning and evaluating crucial features/factors. Pruning permitsus to disregard quantities of the searchtree thatmake no distinction to the very last choice, and heuristic assessment functions permit us to approximate theactual software of a kingdom without doing a whole search. [1]Pruningallows us to ignore portions of the search tree that make no difference to the final choice,and heuristic evaluation functions allow us to approximate the true utility of a state withoutdoing a complete search.  The evaluation function extremely helps with prediction and designingan optimal algorithm as the agent has imperfect informationabout the opponent's futuremoves in this sequential game. The Solution to this imperfection isheuristic evaluation. 
